friends farmers friends farmer hello
welcome to the farm welcome to coca
telly today I present you a
Nomadic speaker who comes from
at creative who is named the friend is worth
So who provides in a box in
Belgian cardboard and creative it was
predictable quickly presents the
packaging
nothing really interesting except that
the main informations
of use are presented on the back of
the box at the level of the bundle we have
a whole series of leaflets concerning
advertising the guarantee clauses
French safety information
in English in many languages and
a little isr fight clip of
the user by donkey boot
quick
we will also a usb micro to usb
to recharge the holy lan and the
battery the speaker in any case
since nomads oblige presence of
obligatory batteries so there the speaker
in itself is quite massive
the evidence is looked at in relation to
our article we use
everyday is still enough
therefore for the little bit
technical information concerning
seven new ones say indeed a
creative does not communicate much about
the number of hp the spectrum covered we have
possibly point 9 125 g the standard
bluetooth 4.0 connection is pretty much
close all the dimensions to note that
presence of this little logo on Monday that he
was born was doing sorry so she does
massively appeal to plastic
finely granular and shiny on the
side we will find a small handle
the hp protection grid a series
of triangular buttons so the button
bluetooth pairing
a search for indications for precisely
pairing the phone connection
or at the tablet
the + - button for the volume a small
additional diode of indications
concerning the battery below a
creative badge 2 in supplement
below two rubber pads all
in length to serve as a foot to
art
we will find a rounded cut
with the power own the auxiliary in 3.5 mm
and a micro usb recharging a vent
to complete them located inside and
the handle so on the side this is what
we can say musau in
the immediate to note the game rate the
data 69.90 already frozen to bet on the
phone
the quality of sound is after all
honorable are more one that remains a
nomadic speaker so we do not
will not revolutionize the world of hi fi
with a nomadic speaker it's obvious
at the level of autonomy for the moment
I did not fault it
shock
so that was a small
pregnant again 10 / tv casserole
very fast presentation so I you
invite to come read the written test where I
lays orange groves on both my
nomadic sources and on the dac
since it is a 3.5 mm so we are sarah
had to go out a little bit hpd guts
to see what she gives
here it is here it was so the muco said sure
that cotent tv I wish you a very
very good day i say goodbye